angel
[Music]
food 666 on FES my witch I'm purple
do I spit Dragon Venom from Hell into
the heavens which girl leather vicking
most poisonous of kissing Liquid Smoke
be dripping hopping to the hipping h b
is hicking on Hopper B they tripping
doctors they be stripping slay bank
money threaten Wall Street start be
hitting the wet the sweat is dripping
how many pills they taking the banker
smells like bacon and Ro pedophiles be
hanging in Greek words I be slanging h
fire tracks banging babylon's vaping
honey on the radio The Man Who Laughs it
up all Penny wise with the urrent adult
surprise all night in the C make you
feel all right sleeping tight make you
see the
light Venus would do is coming right
Athena stin V them in your
eyes welcome back to Lady Babylon this
is initiating apocalypse and I'm I have
something for you tonight I ripped a
hole in space and time and we are going
back to the temple we're going back to
the heart of the monest cult that rose
out of a people who
migrated from creit and called
themselves
Hebrew we're going to look at the Temple
of this cult
in
Jerusalem you say what happened in that
Temple what happened in that Temple get
your Splash bags ready
tonight get your Splash bags ready
because we are going to have to go in so
close it's going to get us defiled just
to be there okay all right people this
is a serious assignment tonight this is
a serious assignment so I want you to be
ready for this now in all of our
professionality we're gonna as our ship
gets ready here I want you to know we're
gonna go into the text and I'm going to
show you what is going on in the
temple it turns
out the temple in Jerusalem
[Music]
is a place of human sex
trafficking now I know that's what Jesus
himself called it and everybody
says yes you remember he was pissed why
his mommy was one of those
girls and Gangsta G went in and kicked
over all the tables in the
temple all those tables that they were
[Music]
using for the collection of the
prostitution
fees oh
fantastic I see there's a business going
on so it's Jesus himself who's
recognizing the authority and for those
of you who want to go to the gospel of
Matthew and you want to look at it in
the Greek you'll see that Jesus goes in
busts things up and says you've made my
father's
house a den of child
traffickers
Mary is our lens tonight I want you to
look at the World Through The Eyes of a
little
girl we're gonna be looking at the World
Through The
Eyes of a little
girl where are we going to find this
little girl this is the mother of Jesus
leave that up for a second I want you to
appreciate people this is the daughter
of
yahim and Anna and
she she is a very special girl she is
very special girl
do you know who found her
special in the
temple come here
Jehovah come here Jehovah we aren't even
at One Source we aren't even at one
source and I'm already spanking you
because I'm showing I'm showing your
people
who they
are do you understand this listen to me
listen to me you followers of Jesus come
here come here Jehovah come here are you
ready show me show me your backside like
you did
Moses that's what you get from the
devil that's what you get from the devil
I'm G to show you what they're doing in
the temple of Jerusalem and it's dirty
dirty stuff and you're not going to like
it it's
inhumane
remember remember our context this is
the first BC first anod Domin we're in
that
range where am I going to find Mary Mary
where can I summon Mary right out of the
Gospel of James did you know James had a
gospel and all the Christians go oh that
is not
canonical do you hear how they're
trained by theologians later
theologians classicists don't do that
can you imagine if I did that and I was
like
oh you know what you know what I hate
Homer I hate Homer we're just not going
to talk about Homer anymore I'll talk
about all the other authors but I hate
Homer you
why yeah it doesn't matter it's just you
know it's not from the
Canon I'm just going to exclude it you
can't just do you hear how unscientific
that is do you people understand of the
congregation of Satan do you understand
this is the mindset that destroys
education are you ready are you ready to
see it in fruition let's follow it
Through The Eyes of a young girl and
when I I say young I mean young now I
want you to go with me because they're
going to say our age and people are
going to
be go with me to a you know what I want
you to do I want you to go with me to a
party bring up that party let's ease
people into this chewy are you ready do
what is that do oh God look at this it's
a
receptacle it's a receptacle what the
what the heck you know what I'm
celebrating give me the next one I'm
celebrating the birth of a daughter the
birth of a daughter and I am
going to go down to my La days priest
and I am going to make sure that all the
Omens are
right I'm going to get fumigated and I'm
G to watch his
petalon now what the what are you
talking about what are these different
terms you bring
I'm describing to you the foundation of
the cult that is operating at the
temple these are from direct accounts so
I'm giving you kind of the lexical
Foundation there are in the gospel of
James that was kicked out because it's
naughty in the gospel of James and when
I mean naughty I don't mean like naughty
like you know this is some kind of
perverted thing I don't mean that I mean
the gospel of James is naughty because
the secrets are right in front of you
nothing is concealed you would never put
this thing out it's like the plan did we
let that thing slip where did that thing
go 2025 where is
it yeah here's the plan James is too in
your face and it perfectly meshes
stylistically with the gospel of
Mark when was it written same time the
other gospels are
written
okay
this there's no reason this
document should not be part of our
evidence right let's see what happens in
the temple let's see what happens give
me the next one I'm G to flash these
things up now here I get I give you a
text here here's from the gospel of
James yeah
yeah AIO
what is this dude doing that we've
jumped into the middle of everybody's
came off the time ship we're here at the
Temple of Jerusalem we're right in the
middle we just barged our way in why we
can do that we can do that and here we
are we're in some kind of ritual what
are they doing here yeah dude's
sacrificing and he's watching the plates
as he
sacrifices as he is fumigated and you're
going to notice all of a sudden pop pop
pop people start hearing voices when
they do this people start hearing voices
you know Jesus wasn't the only
one Jesus was not the only one hearing
voices it is
Central to the
mystery to hear the voice of
God if you not hearing the voice give me
the next one if you are not hearing the
voice you got nothing where does it say
they're doing that by the way where's
the location there the actual location
it's the thusi
asterion it's the thusi asterion so what
is that that is the place that we
fumigate sometimes it's just a tent with
an altar on the inside of it burns and
fills the place with
smoke and you go in and after a while
you hear the voice of
God do you know what we should do in
order to get these
women in order to get these women we
should
take a little kid when she's
three yeah we should put
her right
next to that f
fumigator and we should raise
her we should raise
her now is Jerusalem the only place
doing this no Jerusalem is not the only
place doing this people and that's where
the classicist has no problem
priesthoods you dedicate your children
to Temples all over the place what are
they doing in the temples of
Aphrodite everybody says oh
oh did you feel that somebody in
somebody in England who's really
prudish just got a shev up her spine and
a
little a little
Cosmic did you feel that I felt that I'm
with you
[Laughter]
[Music]
there all right um yes you have ears
here if you've been through the
initiation right it's fantastic but
isn't this isn't this lovely tour of the
temple Ancient Temple in Jerusalem isn't
this lovely let's see what else they're
doing remember it's not odd to give your
child up right it's considered a thing
of
honor your giving first of all they're
going to be educated she has skills by
the time she's
12 where they need something done a
technical art and have to get her to do
it isn't that something you didn't know
that about Mary did you first of all you
didn't know she was a working woman she
thought she stayed at home and one
day who is it uh it's
God what you what a you found favor in
my eyes
baby next thing you know next thing you
know give me the next story course let's
keep flying this is James it's all it's
all the um I just wanted you to see oh
here actually this is the word for
husband right no this is the word for
drinking right no this is the word for
husband or paramor no this is the word
for
drinks yes it is
both right what is it that Mary must
do oh God are you ready we're going to
see how she Services the temple now
everybody just have a seat let the
fumigation work let the fumigation work
here we are sit down on that
Throne let's watch Mary do her thing I
bet you 10 bu she
dances I bet you 10 bu she dances why
because they're all doing that once
you've been to these Pirates
temples you notice pattern
things they all do you didn't know let
me say this very clearly to you tonight
you didn't know the history of
Judaism that monest
religion you didn't know
it because you didn't know the
temple in
Jerusalem was a place for sex
trafficking of
children yeah yeah
it happens all over the Mediterranean
happens all
over uhhuh Romans are there to clean it
up baby did you notice that they took
the whole thing down they took the whole
thing down was there a special was there
a special
dislike of what happened
there there
was uhhuh prophet follow the prophet
right the Greeks are the ones that tell
us that follow the
prophet give me the next one give me the
next one okay people I know it's a dark
it's a dark place we're going to kind of
sad but what are we going to do we're
going to take Mary and we're going to
put her three steps away from that
Enthusiast and what did the Lord do then
okay we took the girl well oh I'm so
Sorry I invited you to a party the party
was for the birth of that kid
Mary now we're going to go to her third
birthday and daddy Yim says Hey give her
to the
temple okay so they do all right and
what happens they take her she's just a
little kid and they put her next to that
enthusi asterion right and what happens
Jehovah gives
heris gives heris you know what kis
is okay now here's where you got to pull
out your your uh
gloves pull out your
gloves CIS is what Aphrodite is
surrounded by it is the power and the
draw of Attraction it is a
charm and God gave it to a
three-year-old
Mary is in the
temple and what does she do let's show
them what she does let's show them what
she does you don't want to find out I
know you don't I know you don't because
you can't come back after this you'll
never look at her the same I am cursing
you for all time to see the
reality through the lens of a
three-year-old oh my god do you know
what she was she took her way under the
hand of the
angel that means nothing to
you maybe you heard an echo of something
in
there
right these are virgins they call them
Hebrew virgins what we raising Hebrew
virgins we're doing the same thing that
all the temples are
doing these are Hebrew virgins are you
ready for this it's great you mean
Jesus's mother was a holy
prostitute do you know
Medusa was the most beautiful Priestess
of
Athena and it was God who came in
and bananana
her and she lost her
priesthood when she became
pregnant
okay do you know where we
are do you know where we are okay just
wait it's it's more more B and by the
way people this is the
Bible right now it's it's the unaccepted
Bible and I just want to pause for a
minute and I want to tell people I want
to ask the satanic congregation a
question because I am considering I'm
working
mentally on a children's
Bible that is a graphic
novel I think it would be fantastic to
take these texts and to give them to
your average you know 8 n 10 11 11 12
year old so that they could look at it
and they could see the Bible for exactly
what it
is every
chapter will be through the
lens of the
Marys and the kid that was with Jesus in
the garden and the
Daniels every chapter will be through
the
lens of the
traffic
yeah
oh oh tell me satanic congregation shall
this shall this continue shall this
continue will you beg me satanic
congregation beg me to do this how much
I'm going to spank you every one of you
until you give me good responses give me
good responses chewy are they no no give
me give me more
you're sitting there I can see you look
all I'm going to do is take this and
move this a little
and oh God did they give it did they get
I suppose you
suppose have I not taught you anything
my
congregation yes you want it of course
you want it you want them to take it and
put it in the school
systems so that the children can see the
reality that is this Bible did you think
you were just watching this for us this
is
education for The
World God I love it I love it let's see
more let's see give it to us I'll give
it to you are you ready are you ready oh
they know they know oh god it feels so
good um and what is she doing there
three steps away so you got to think
about her over time what is she doing in
the temple she's
K are you kidding
me she's making the chorus she is
dancing and singing yep what did you
think girl prostitutes do
do you remember
salame yes yes you too what is she doing
here and she's not only doing a chorus
but she's doing a toys poen now you're
going to ask yourself oh my
God what is she dancing with all you
Greek nerds I love you all oh I love you
so exciting look at the look at the DAT
of here she's one
what is she doing she's using
drinks she's using potions or she's
using
dudes personally um I I think most
people are amable to the to the whole
drugged potion thing that she's using
right what happened what happened to her
they loved her they loved her everybody
in Israel loved her Have You Seen Her
have you seen
Mary okay now for people who have a
problem with Mary becoming very popular
I'm sorry I'm sorry but she was it's
what the text says look I'm just here to
show you what the what the text says
that's all give me the next one um what
is this word oh here yeah here just to
show you here's the husband spouse we
did the flip
give me the next one what is this it's a
drug people she's working with the drugs
it's the whole deal what
she's she's gonna get to be 12 in a
second and when she gets to that age
this girl has been
fumigated for at least nine years
straight exposed to the drugs what does
she do she does a very nice dance that
we
love and she does it with
drugs this is no different I can take
you to Cyprus and give you the exact
same
thing do you know what is the status of
her family I know some of you would want
to know
this Mary is a
rich girl she's not only a rich girl
she's an
exceptionally rich
girl okay very explicit very explicit
her
donation to the temple is the highest
compliment right she is that high blood
they even make a big deal about it
when the dude comes up and accepts her
he's all Kissy Kissy he's like look
where's she from
oh
oh SE of David
oh what is this we're gonna have to give
some roll out the Royal
Treatment where do you think these
prostitutes come
from remember who have we all just been
serving we've all just been serving
dionis and Aphrodite if you're an Arab
that's who you worship if you're a cron
who immigrated to um the
Levant who and you create this this
monism
worshiping
Yahoo this is your temple practice if
you are an early Christian performing
the mystery this is your temple
practice give me the next one JY this is
people it's gonna be people I'm sorry
it's going to stretch your it's going to
stress your conception of how the world
should be right
and oh yeah okay okay okay look at I
want you to look at the second
line I want you to look at the second
line a mar or say
what happened she was taken she was
placed next to the fumigator she's
taught to dance to give us a great
show and she is raised as
a
pigeon a dove
wait you
mean this temple in
Jerusalem is using the same titles for
ritual
prostitutes that the temples are all
over the aan and in Greek it's using the
same same word yes they called the
temple prostitutes the doves why do you
think Aphrodite is always walking around
followed by
this trail of doves why do you think
every time you see a dove it's the
symbol of
Aphrodite you know they're milking them
that's what they call the virgins they
are milking
virgins you have no idea you have no
idea what it takes pharmacologically to
keep a child prostitution ring at this
level where you have pulled in the
leaders of the
state
yeah yeah now you're going to say what
is all the purple you're looking at the
you're looking at the girl here she is
Mary hey Mary how you doing Mary this is
12-year-old Mary right and what is
12-year-old Mary called upon to do she's
called upon to make the curtain of the
temple why need a curtain of the
temple why do you
think right it's the glory it's the
glory in that passage did you see what
they were doing Mary Mary tell us I
guess you're over here
Mary hello M does it work am I more this
way did I stick my head into
it
okay there we go right there Mary I
summoned the and I ask you Mary how did
they raise you in what way as I have
followed the priestesses of the Greeks
Mary tell me in what way did they raise
you give me give me that last reference
that we had it's in there on the very
end look people what does it
say she received
trophy from the
hand of an Angel
in the temple right in the temple this
young girl who starts off at 3 ends up
at 12 when they kick her
out right from those stages she receives
the way through the hand that is
Angelic she receives the way the Virgin
follows the way of the hand of the
Angelic God it's always that why is it
always
[Music]
that do you know how you
train do you know how you train if you a
first century lays do you know how you
train by the laying on of Hands by the
laying on of
hands she is not being
fed they would have you
believe that the dude was a chef the
angel for the for the little girl he was
a chef right inside the temple there
gave her her
food right gave her what her
food trophy is a way of nourishment it's
a way of bringing
someone to
fruition
right it's a woman's cult
word where does she get it she gets it
from the
hand okay now why is this necessary
because remember we're making like step
out for a minute right take your splash
bags off and say oh God it's too much I
can't shower right I gotta oh God my
radar my badge is going off I got
radiation here or something right step
out for a minute step back and look at
what's going on okay just stop for a
minute we're not going to go any further
I just want you to process this just for
a second
okay they are using the
drugs to turn the kid into a dispensary
of
communion that's what we all come
for right we're all here at the
temple that's
why what you have to do is the Marys of
the world have to be
trained now do you
understand some of the feelings that
Jesus has
when he comes up against these this this
uh part of the gang right they're all
aware of who he is and everything don't
worry don't worry they all know that
follow the money give me the next one
okay let's go back in another Deep dive
what so what happens Mary this says Mary
turns
12 right she turns 12 and they get the
all the priests get together and they
have a meeting about her she's 12 what
happens they say look now that she's
working now that she's got those you
know those
ton the you know things women do right
it's not a simplistic way of
saying
um
ministration right it is a way of saying
this unit is now productive
okay she can produce children and I can
tell you
I'm accounts of priestesses getting
pregnant and getting kicked
out okay happens all the time happens
all the time it's divine baby it's
divine you know what they say it is it's
the
god it's the god that does it who made
her pregnant Joseph is like who made her
pregnant
did you know Eve is 12 and the gospel of
James says that Eve is
12 just like
Mary now you know
why the Garden of
Eden is that place where your eyes are
open okay if you want to be a member if
you want to be a member of this ancient
cult yeah you got to go there you got to
go there right crucify him now you know
most people most people this is not
cool big crowd crucify him how about
this Murderer let's crucify him and give
you Jesus he'll go Freak
No crucify him
there is a movement against it you know
what I mean if you want to know what
that real Judaism is it is that
reaction to Jesus as traffickers
themselves yeah you mean our monest
religions come out of the abuse of
children
yep your monism Judaism Christianity
Islam you all come from the abuse of
children this is your actual
history give me the next one people
don't I'm just gonna keep going people
never believe me people never believe me
until it's too late Ryan so what do they
do these priests have a meeting they're
like what do we do with Mary now that
she's a able capable of producing so um
here's a solution have knucklehead put
on his regalia with all the bleep bleep
bleep and the shiny shiny hooa and go in
there into the holy place where those
angels and voices are yeah yeah yeah and
um then you can ask God right you can
ask God what's the what do we
do now it sounds like they don't know
what they're doing but they are doing
something they always
do they enlist the lce stas
in an
act of
sortes that's what they're doing go in
use the
sortase right we'll have an answer what
happens to her right do you know they
only give these priestesses their
positions according to
lot right they go in the temple they
[ __ ] get all incubated oh I'm sorry
chewy they oh did I yeah
did you hear I gu just get worked up and
what happens they the they go in and
there are the
prostitutes and they give them
lots they give them
lots of what they're going to
do who gets to work with the
drugs Mary Mary gets to work with the
drugs you want to know why people were
saying an antiquity are you the Christ
are you the Christ are you the Christ
are you the Christ that's a drug term
people knew what it
meant yeah they knew what it meant and
God was saying things like if you want
to follow me in the apocalypse you got
to put this you got to Christ your eyes
baby so that they can be open and you
can
see
okay so when the person in the third
century is writing what you call the old
test which is the
[Music]
septuagenarian is called a pirate
right good okay the Temple of Jerusalem
let's keep going let's keep going give
me another text let's see what else
they're what else they're doing what did
I bring in oh yeah they all have so
here's what happens um he goes in and
talks to God and he hears H [ __ ] you
know it scares them all by the way
Mary's like when she first starts
hearing voices it scares her and she
like runs away right and she realized
she can't get away from right so here's
um the deal they sent out this this
pretty funny text um they sent out
Heralds right because it's a big deal
right this is after all this is yim's
daughter right um and when she turns 12
they send out Harolds and they say
look we're going to give her away by lot
God told
[Laughter]
too
right now what do you think people do
they grab their robon wait a minute
you've been telling someon that a robone
is a sacred instrument it is and it's
something that you use within the
collecting of the
Lots yeah you let the God speak through
the
rod okay now if he takes the form of a
snake don't be
surprised okay don't be surprised give
me the next one it's gorgeous people
this fits in so beautifully with gospels
of Mark the gospel of Mark I love it yes
so Joseph took his robone right he had
the last Joseph ends up going there
right um Everybody runs it was on that
phrase before I don't want to go back
but it was on that phrase before it says
people just ran there as soon as the
heral trumpets went off and they said
hey there's a lottery going on for a
girl right woo here we go we're all
running down says they ran there says
they ran there they didn't just get up
and say hey they're having a sale
tomorrow right they didn't do that they
didn't say why don't we get some coffee
no they grabbed their robbed on and they
ran it says huffing and puffing whole
group whole group even the
dirty old guy
Joseph shows
up what's our prize now do you
understand what's going on this is very
very we are through the power of the
voice that we hear when we take drugs we
are going to give this 12-year-old
Beauty write to one of you
gents you ready now W how are we going
to do this it's all religious right so
what are we going to do we're gonna have
a little
ceremony ceremony makes everything right
right we're gonna have a ceremony and
you're going to get your robbed on and
when you grab it while the priest is
offering and you're being
fumigated we're going to wait for a
sign we're going to read the signs you
mean this is Judaism yeah this is
Judaism we're going to read the
signs and what are we gonna do while
we're getting ready to sell this
12-year-old
prostitute what are we gonna do by the
way she's a great dancer she's a great
dancer anybody say salame where's salame
oh she'll be here in a minute she's a
great
dancer right like people give their
lives for this stuff you don't
understand
right once your eyes are open man okay
you need that cup of pnaa it's just a
fact you know how you get the cup of
porna by the hand of the
Angel by the hand of the
Angel sorry
sorry it's a little hard it's a little
hard hard to take you know what I mean
Temple of Jerusalem man Temple of
Jerusalem they're technically still
virgins right technically they're still
virgins yeah give me the next one you
didn't think there was any Oracle coming
out of the Temple of Jerusalem did you
but sure enough there is right yeah so
what happens Joseph takes his rdon and
look look what happen
a
Perera wa what happens a
dove comes off of the
rdon and positions herself over his
head he got
chosen he got chosen by the prophetes
herself do you understand and they're
receivers this is not the only place in
Jerusalem where they're using the girls
this way this is something they
pioneered in the Bronze Age the
Greeks brought us this technology
through an extremely intelligent
woman hail Satan hail Satan okay here we
go what's that say you get a poor n
right do you see people do you see
people it's that Kaa porna that is the
ultimate downfall of
Jehovah this is what they're doing in
the temple you know why he doesn't have
a wife
now because his agents use hand on
virgins to collect
communion let's make let's make
something together in the Temple what
kind of crafts can we do in the temple
give me the next one what kind of crafts
can we
do so look at the word
Parthenon
Parthenon we're g to take this
Parthenon and we're gonna give her now
that she did this as a dove we're going
to give her she signified who it is and
it's Joseph and he is going to have
teresis he's going to have
guardianship over
her over her now does Joseph jump and
Shout about this because it was his it
was his you know he was the dude that
was selected right did what did he look
like grandpa or something maybe he look
like Grandpa he's not a spring chicken
right give it to me give it to me the
next one um and Joseph did one Joseph
answered and he said look I have son
already right he's got he's already done
the family thing he says I'm an old man
dude this
girl is
Young she's young that's
reasonable it's reasonable
right no it's not the priest tells him
you shut up man you shut up you got the
lot and you remember what happened to
Kora the those people they got flushed
down the Earth toilet what yeah yeah
yeah yeah this is a famous story
remember Moses Moses is out there and
all that kind of stuff ah in the desert
ah he's doing the bush thing it's like
he's going great what's happening that
dude he's freaking out he's hearing that
voice again and he's guiding people and
part of the priesthood says uh we're not
going to follow that we're going to do
something a little bit different
and what happens they all get together
and they all bring
fumigators this place is one giant cloud
and they're all looking for the signs
because this is what the cult
does in
Jerusalem they're looking for the
signs and what happens there's an earth
opening Earth opens up Huda voodah and
Boom the Earth opens up swallows every
one of them so you shut up Joseph and
you take this holy virgin who's been
handed by the angel we
guarantee she is not
pregnant okay all right let's get some
midwives in here we bring the midwives
in we need somebody to check this girl
where by the way where did the people go
who
rebelled they went to
Hades look at this phas these people
they went to Hades don't let this
lowercase Alpha fool you right this is a
very specific Greek thing do you know
where you go if you are a Jewish
priest and you stand up against the
monest Moses do you know where you go
you go to Greek
[Laughter]
hell yeah and they they have the guts to
say this thing as a translation the
septu agent right no it's not this is
right out of it people that's not it's
not a translation people it's not a
translation let's see what else they do
in the temple of Jerusalem this is
getting gratuitous Temple stuff what are
we doing here okay again from James so
they get together they have one of their
meetings again they say what are we
going to do about the temple curtain
right what are we going to do about it
somebody's got to make it one of the
priests says go out and get for me seven
virgins who have never had
sex from the line of
David virgins from a specific
line
what wait wait wait wait what do we need
now watch the anthropology here people
what do we need to do we need to make a
giant curtain to cover up what's going
on in the holy of holies where the
handing is
handing we're going to make some kind of
you know curtain like those ones they
used to have you know when you go to the
video store and walk in in the back
section you say what's in here it needs
to be covered with a curtain covering
with curtains calls for Penelope where
is Penelope chewy summon Penelope it
gets my goat when we have have to create
curtains what are we covering with
curtains we're covering that which is
sin it's the shame you remember Jesus
died for that kids Jesus died for that
shame his Cross covered up look look
people look at the cross of Jesus Christ
and the shame that it
covers I love you Penelope isn't she
beautiful Penelope's beautiful goat I
love that is she yeah look at give me
look look at that ear okay give me the
next
one I can appreciate
goats there's nothing wrong with
that right I know he told me not to but
it
just it just leaked out um what's
happening what's happening so Mary picks
up this C this cup right did I finish
that last one I think I did let me just
see for a minute we'll make sure I
didn't miss anything no I didn't there's
a lot more here right what are we going
to do no the next one the next one there
we no the one that was right okay here
it is here is what's happening people
we're trying to make a curtain right for
the temple to hide the naughty stuff and
the priest says look go out get me seven
virgins who have never been defiled
amantus right they cannot have been
touched get them from David's line right
right so his assistants his
administrators went out right because
these are this is all official stuff
right they went out and they found seven
actually it says in peses actually they
found six right CA the priest remembered
that this girl
Maria from the tribe of David that she
was a
virgin right so they went to her and
they took her and they brought her and
the
priest said there he said let this be
portion and what are they talking about
let this be the lot um whoever is going
to
seow whoever is and when I say seow I
don't mean like seed whoever is going to
do the weaving the actual
creation of um this
curtain we
need the DED
sprads and who does the dying who does
the dying The Virgins do the
dying Hebrew virgins do the dying it's
why their fingers are
purple she didn't start to hear things
until later right you have to start
using the substance in order to get the
voice of God love it oh Angels Angels
right those touchy touchy angels
welcome welcome to reality yes exactly
so what did they do he says it remember
the priest remembered that there's this
virgin you know they went and got her
you know what I mean and they brought
her in and they said we're going to do
this lot thing right who who's what kind
of threads do we
need right we need first of all we need
the cloth that is that fine linen and we
need some
silk and all of this stuff has to be
stainless and we're GNA take the gold
and the blue thread and we're gonna take
the red
thread and that Scarlet kind of scarlet
colored caos Scarlet colored thread and
what else somebody's got to work with
the
Aline
poron and there speaking from the
library in herculanum is the Pora
is the
purple the purple and what happens Mary
gets the lot for the scarlet and the
purple isn't that
gorgeous Mary gets a lot for the scarlet
and the
purple yeah okay give me the next one
what does she do with it what does she
do it well she's gonna come up with the
threads for this thing she is
the thread maker the thread stainer the
baptizer so what does it say she goes
back home she picks up this cup she goes
to fill it with water she started
working the purple you can see her
purple
fingers when all of a sudden she's
walking out to get
water voice in her
head what does the voice say now it says
Behold a voice and I'm going to
translated to you the voice said hey
there hey there
hottie God likes you more than any other
woman wait what yeah turns out she's
exalted this is what now what happens
now watch this here's the anthropology
and it says and she
turned right and turned left
trying to find where that voice came
from right she doesn't know nobody else
heard anybody else around her didn't
know and what happens she gets scared it
says she left the place
shaking right it's really shaking her up
man she's heard the voice and the voices
said she is a hottie
inappropriate
voices for
a girl who is now aging between 12 and
15 in the
narration okay this is an
underage girl that God finds to be the
most to have that greatest kis
you know what I'm talking about Theus
you know what I'm talking
about
yeah Aphrodite walks around that stuff
just just follows
her it just follows
her okay okay let's do this give me the
next one are you ready for this what
happens and look an angel of the Lord
okay so she goes inside she goes back to
her work with a purple when suddenly
what happens an angel of the Lord shows
up again boom po saying what may fobu
Don't Be
Afraid right another voice don't be
afraid
Maria
right you found some lovey doy favor
before God and you're gonna conceive a
child just from his
logos
seriously so it goes on to say so Mary
hearing this responded right
right okay you're going to get pregnant
says the voice in Mary's head while
she's using the
purple okay remember she is still a
temple prostitute once a temple
prostitute always
respected as a temple prostitute that's
why Joseph is going to be so upset give
me the next one give me the next one
let's see what what is kind of well I
want you to make sure um that you
understand this from her perspective
this is marry her and she says am I
gonna am I gonna conceive is this going
to be the same way the um all the other
women conceive right poor kid right poor
kid
right it's a teenager your dude Ryan
come on man come on it's too much give
me the next one and what is the what is
the Voice's answer that it says it just
speaks out again right it's not like
they're sitting there on a bench
together she's talking to the voice
that's in her head and what does the
voice say it says to her right hey
Miriam right the power it's not going to
work out he
says right it's not going to work out
like you're saying here's what's going
to happen the power of God is going to
episo you and when it does that you're
going to become pregnant and what's
going to come out of you is going to be
called a Whos
hoist a son of the highest those
Groves where in the mountains they give
the Oracles of
he's going to be the Son of
God
okay all right the whole Son of God the
Christos is part of a mystery operation
it's the same reason media is trying to
burn the mortality off her own
children right it is an
advancement if you are hristos
give it to me give me give me the next
one I love feeding people stuff that
they've never had I love feeding people
what did Mary do what was her job are
you ready what does the Priestess do she
makes or processes the
purple next one she makes or processes
the purple and
behold what happened
now this is going to throw you Mary goes
away from this event of the hearing of
the voices and the you know knowledge
the learning that she's gonna have a
holy Child right and what does she do
she
forgets soon as she's not under the
influence again there's some kind of
Amnesia and she gets and has to be
reminded by those who were around her
when she was in the purples
influence oh God don't you love that she
totally
forgets she totally forgets now do you
see why they didn't want to be in the
Bible it was
initially they took it
out do you see
why because it shows everything they
were doing everything with the sex cult
right it's not new man it's happening
all
over okay um so and I want you to pay
special attention to line two second
line look at the third word
musterion it's mystery
operations that Mary is learning you
thought let me get let me guess you
thought she was just some kid who was
sitting there you know nice she's a
virgin you know probably a really nice
girl when all of a sudden an angel came
to her
wings and says God's GNA have sex with
you and the spirit is gonna it's gonna
what it's gonna sco do you know what God
does to
Mary it's a verb that means to bring a
shadow upon somebody in order to hide
them do you know why
Jehovah who is naughty
has to always hide his
paramor yeah do you know why he has to
hide him it's that overshadowing act
that makes that 12year old
sing that they're
using okay do you understand the Bible
now the
gospel of
James give it to me God God more mystery
people I just want you to see so she
turns 15 she goes through this process
ends up being
15 right when these Mysteries start
manifesting themselves give me the next
one she's 15 so how old is Mary when God
overshadows her that is brings her into
the
darkness right do you think Jehovah
knows how to use hand yeah he
does but that's not all he
does yeah because she gets
pregnant she gets
pregnant and do you know why Joseph is
so upset that God has gotten her
pregnant because that's the vessel of
the
communion it's the vessel of the
communion by the hand of the angel
she's giving the
way sorry made myself a little queasy
again okay um what's gonna happen here
people let me just hit this really quick
um Joseph comes home and he finds out
why he's he's some kind of dummy or
something right because he didn't notice
until she's like in this heos man she's
already in the sixth
month and he doesn't notice
anyway this says it's in the six sixth
month and she's unle
men she is swelling and he can tell and
he says oh God and he hits his own
face right imagine that being your first
reaction it's got to be bad if you punch
yourself in the face right he punches
himself in the face and he throws
himself on the ground and he starts
screaming
what
happened what happened why have you
offended God like
this yeah yeah what's happened to this
girl she was a virgin R I took her from
the temple I was guarding her somebody
fooled me somebody snuck in there and
did something
dirty did something dirty soiled this
virgin in my own house
you know what they're going to say you
know how the story goes I'm still transl
you know how the story goes Adam it's
just like
Adam he was giving his
docy to God and the serpent the devil
came in and he took Eve when she was all
alone and he loved
her and do you know what happened
they
conceived they
conceived just like
Mary do you know why the Garden of Eden
is the Garden of Eden because of this
right because of this right remember
when Jesus Took Mary from his
side he self-pleasuring
in his hand he gave her his seed and he
said eat
this what's that
chewy right yeah yeah no a different
Mary this sorry je is having a hard time
keeping track right no this is the Mary
that he took out in the woods and he was
like and it text says it she got all
creeped out chewy Ryan don't some Jesus
ever comes along
watch out chewy don't let somebody take
you backwards and do something like
Jesus did to Mary eat
this right can you believe that no
wonder it says she was
scared right gu's disturbing all of you
who love Jesus did you know there's an
account of
him engaging in a sexual
act with a known prostitute who's got
the drugs that'll blow your mind
he's ejaculating and asking her to eat
it so that she can have ionic life do
you know what that means there's
something in it Jesus there's something
in it tell me Jesus what is in the seed
what is in the seed of
Jesus you know what my you know what my
seed does it conquers your
seed because am Monon is the name it's
the name of the
plant it's a tube and it carries the
fire of
Prometheus that's the
ammonia do you love that I love that
okay uh let's stop whipping Jesus and
finish off here make sure here people we
got to finish strong let's finish strong
so Mary's trying to hide the fact that
she's pregnant because it's you know
it's a big deal it's a big deal right um
and so he's he wants to know um what
happened here right he he reminds Joseph
makes sure he reminds Mary uh Mary who's
now pregnant and he's trying to get it
out of her who the hell the father is he
says remember you're the one who did all
that stuff in the temple that's a really
exalted
position right this is not good what has
happened right you took that you took
that way you entered into the dance
right wasn't supposed to happen next one
wasn't supposed to
happen so um she starts crying right
because this old dude is yelling he's
not even her father right right he's
just an old dude he's you know got her
by lot and she's been handed in the
temple and is using the purple so um she
starts crying and she says look you know
God's my living witness you know I'm
totally cathar I'm totally clean on this
one right and I have
never had intercourse with a
dude okay she's a
virgin you have to have the virgins to
produce the communion right once they're
no longer virgins they don't
produ right it's just a strict this is
an economics thing if you're work
working for the temple at Jerusalem it's
an economics thing right now you
understand why all the tax stuff is with
the prostitution right it's all part of
the part of the
economy um let's see let's see what um
so she swears that she's not you know
she hasn't had sex you know what I mean
and um he then considers look and
remember put yourself in Joseph's spot
and consider you've got two options as
this dude who just got allocated one of
these Temple prostitutes that gets
handed right gets handed by the angel he
says I can either take her and have or
killed oh god seriously
seriously right but I don't want to do
that because what's inside of her may be
angelon
he
knows he knows about the process and he
knows what could be there right just
like
Medusa he knows this tradition of
priestesses having sex with God is
old by the time this stuff is going on
with Mary this stuff is established by a
thousand years more than a
thousand okay it's nothing new give me
the next one give me the next one we're
going to end up here let's get so what
happens she starts having dreams right
she starts having dreams Jose starts
having dreams they're hearing voices God
is telling him what to do just keep
going right you're gonna have this kid
he's gonna save the world right this is
going to be the son of the highest and
everything tonight is brought to you by
the
colura we're going to we
have here at ancient far arm core we
have managed to come up with a
medication that you can insert into your
cavities when you feel the need for a
Gloria here it
is which cavity don't worry give me the
next one give me the next one who is
this that was a little commercial um I
want you people to see the reason I'm
doing commercials is I want you to see
the actual products that are being
produced because if you can see what a
society produces it could tell you a lot
more than uh dirt levels in the
archaeology it's way better it's a it's
a you know there's way more in the
literature than there ever is going to
be in the dirt and uh what happens so
the priest says give us back right
they've heard that she's pregnant they
say give us back our virgin wait a
minute what who owns this kid who owns
this kid don't you remember she's a
princess Temple wants her back you
defiled she was just for the communion
she wasn't for getting pregnant now
she's ruined you boneheads and what's
gonna happen right what's gonna happen
well he gets all upset Joseph is all
like oh he gets all upset and he's all
crying and stuff right and he's standing
there with the priests right and the
priest says I tell you
what cuz Joseph he's already been
screaming I didn't do it I didn't do it
it's it's
miraculous right okay so what's gonna
happen uh the priest has a test he says
let's test this let's see if this child
is the Son of God do you know we spent
an entire play of ureides we spent an
entire play of
ureides trying to figure out whether or
not that kid was
divine you are in Antiquity you are in
Antiquity give me the next one we got
like four more people that's it I know
you're it's a long time and I appreciate
I appreciate are you ready so the
priest what did he
do he said in the earlier one by the way
I forgot I was going too fast look at
here never rush people when you're in
the moment he says I'm Gonna Make You
drink the water of the Lord's
retribution oh that does sound good bro
I don't know if I want to do that and
I'm gonna send you out into the
mountains and your sin is going to be
present in your
eye right what wait what is this S I
want you to make sure that you see this
we've got a how do we get here we've got
a 15-year-old girl now who is pregnant
who was the vessel for the communion and
we've got a
dude priest who's saying uh Joseph she
wasn't supposed to get pregnant and
we've got Joseph all like balling and
saying I didn't do it I it was divine so
how are we gonna solve this how are we
GNA solve this people people this first
century stuff first century stuff how
are we we're gonna give this dude a drug
and send him out of the Wilderness and
what is wrong that he has done is going
to become obvious to
him he's going to know himself well what
happens they do this to him and the girl
and they both come back give me give me
the next one they both come
back and where are they they're in the
same place they
holos now what is that this is a Greek
word that you're not going to understand
but the best way right I don't
understand it but it's a state I'll
describe it to you like I know it maybe
you can figure it out it is a state of
wholeness so the drug is supposed to
flush your guilt to the surface so that
it comes out of you and you express it
you acknowledge it you repent of it
right but they come back
holos with that
complete
sorte that complete
observation of the signs they are
totally
innocent they ly
up they are that completion so when God
overshadowed her that was
legitimized through giving people a drug
and reading the
signs so the priest says well I can't
condemn them because the signs
show that they are not telling a lie
that is the truth now the Magi are
interrogating people like this all the
time so don't think this is anything odd
it's not odd to give somebody a drug to
bring out what the actual con to have
them confess or bring out the truth the
mag are doing this check out plenty he
talks about it baby lovea what happens
here oh God so Joseph finds a
cave where she can give
birth right and he tells the sons stay
here
you I kind of feel bad for him at this
point right he's just been absolved of
having had intercourse with the Virgin
vessel of the communion and ruining her
so he's okay right just he's been
through it he's just been right you the
guy probably looks terrible right he's
been beaten up in this process and what
does he do what does he
do he says hey guys stay here take care
of the Virgin don't let anybody touch
her right I'm going to go out and find a
midwife and in parenthesis you see the
word iban a Hebrew
Midwife right from
Bethlehem right remember the Hebrew
virgins well the Hebrew midwives are
connected with the Hebrew
virgins yeah and what
happens um a midwife comes to the cave
right right he cuz he goes out and he
finds Salam and he um um wait what
happens and he went out from the cave
and the
Midwife ran oh went after ran into Salam
right so the Midwife gets the report in
the meantime what I'm not showing that
um he finds a midwife Midwife gets a
report and the Midwife is so shocked
she's going to go to salame and she says
to salom she says salame salame wait
I've got this new thing that this new
phenomena I got to explain to you we got
this parthenos and she's conceived right
Isn't that cool now when I say new thing
I don't mean like it's the first time
it's ever happened yeah I mean
miraculous this is a
novelty this is not normal this is a
novelty and we've got a girl and she's
pregnant and what is and and she hasn't
had sex right um with a dude so it's
divine and what is the girl what is the
Salam may run out and do because she's a
midwife too and she says hey I'm not
going to believe it until I palpate her
right I have to palpate her for those of
you who don't know what pal you know
palpating somebody is I used to palpate
cows at the dairy right um you're
checking to see if they're pregnant it's
like a pregnancy test right it can it's
also used in health and checkups and
whatnot too you're looking at the cervix
or something you're palpating what is
palpating you're introducing your
fingers so that you can feel the
physical structures that's why they call
it palpating right fantastic so the
Midwife says I'm not going to believe
this junk until I can palpate right and
so what does she do she goes in she goes
in and she palpates her right and she
finds that cave
right
boom and um salame and she says Maria
she says get ready salame comes in and
she's like Maria okay get ready assume
the position which I think is
interesting because Mary
knows it's the position of accessing via
fingers she's been in the temple
learning for how many
years she knows the position people do
you see there are positions in this
creepy thing take the position she tells
her T assume the position she takes the
position you know what I mean and she
thoroughly examines her Salam thoroughly
examines her and what does she do she
cries out hallelujah alalo what does she
do she does that shout that all of those
followers of Diana do when they bring
the drugs that educe the birth
alalo it is she's right it's a child of
God right what does she say she says oh
I'm such an idiot right I'm so Lawless
I'm so faithless for not following this
God right the Living God and look what's
happened now she pulls her hand out and
she says my hands are burned up and in
the fire her hand that she stuck in
there was
burnt chemically
burnt now we're going to have a son of
God now we're going to have a son of God
you know what happens then it's
competition bro it's competition give me
the last one give me the last one boom
what are we really looking at a lot of
money
a lot of money you know what this says
this says EO and by the way do you
notice my greeklings do you notice that
this name EO
eame do you notice that it begins with
EO people say this is a foreign name no
it's not what is this verse say it says
he is Rich Mary's daddy is rich rich as
hell he is rich as he can
be he is as rich as he can be it only
makes sense it only makes sense that she
ends up with the
purple it only makes sense you know what
you can do you can cause somebody to
enter into a state where they can talk
to
God we can do this do you know what
religion did this Judaism
Judaism did this their practices in the
temple are the practices of child
traffickers that's what they're called
by contemporary
documents okay it's not me it's what
they are called by contemporary
documents all right what I've showed you
tonight I just want to process for you
what I've showed you tonight
is the
origin of Jewish
religion the origin of
monism among the people who inhabited
the
lant that's what I'm talking about I'm
talking about an ethnic group
immigrating known we know that
immigrating from CRE and establishing a
religion
and what does that religion ultimately
get expressed as it gets expressed in
the 3
Century in the
mind it gets
expressed as
Moses being in that same Tallis and
Performing those same
acts can somebody
please stop the unic board boys can
somebody please put an end in comes
Jesus gangster G do it why because his
mommy was the one who was getting
handed thank you for coming tonight I've
showed you a world of
Darkness it's the world of
reality and I once again
invite any of you any of you to step
forward and
defend your disgusting
rituals hell
Satan 666 on FES my witch I'm purple do
welcome to Babylon you might not know
the names of the streets you're on the
Rob was PID for gold
the people sold the souls for a
briefcase full of dope the kids got
turned the soap [ __ ] these streets
ain't no joke oxycotton got you snipping
Ajax James Brown [ __ ] is a
payback my witch will give a kick on her
broke stick flying through the sky full
moon shin and
shine these drugs are really strong the
[ __ ] you all night long puff puff on the
bong Irish witch like G and Chong old
school riding listen to my favorite
songs
cubism Liquid Smoke it's hot in here
this place is on fire I'm glad you made
it give me some loving lunatics on the
grass 666 Medusa zombie junk bending
Corners black magic Voodoo 666 on boes
my witch I'm purple
dop 666 on FES my witch I'm purple dop